Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Girl: Dad?
Mother: Okay smile!
Mother: Okay look at me!
Mother: Smile!
News VO: At this point we can confirm
international organization
behind this uprising.
Analysts have found direct ties
between the insurgency cells
popping up across the mainland
with outside coordination.
We are urging citizens
to lock their doors and
avoid populated areas.
By establishing these
cells at the grassroots level
their local knowledge is unrivaled.
They know the terrain.
They've moved quickly to seize resources
and overthrow civil administration.
If you live in or near a DMZ region
find shelter immediately-
Mother: Okay look at me.
Mother: Smile!
Daughter: Dad...
Daughter: Dad!
Mom: Smile!
Radio Message: I hope you can hear me...
If you can. it's because I made it.
I made it to Fort Franklin.
I'm here!
It's beautiful.
Just like it was on your birthday.
You'll love it here.
I'm so sorry I couldn't leave with you
and your mother.
But every day. every night
I have only thought
about getting back to you.
I did what I had to so you
and Mom could escape.
I swore I'd catch back up to you
no matter what it took.
And I'm here now.
It took longer than I hoped
but nothing else matters now.
I know you'll make it here one day.
and I'll never give up on you.
As long as it takes. I will be here.
We can have a life here. we'll survive.
I will never stop waiting for you.
I love you.
I will be here. Waiting.
Always...
Radio Message: I hope you can hear me.
If you can. it's because I've made it.
I made it to Fort Franklin.
I'm here!
It's beautiful.
Just like it was on your birthday.
You'll love it here.
I'm so sorry I couldn't leave with you
and your mother. but every day
every night
I have only thought about
getting back to you.
I did what I had to
so that you and Mom could escape.
I swore I'd catch back up to you
no matter what it took.
I'm here now.
It took longer than I hoped
but nothing else matters now.
I know you'll make it here one day
and I'll never give up on you.
As long as it takes. I will be here.
We can have a life
again here. we'll survive.
I will never stop waiting for you.
I love you.
I will be here. Waiting. Always...
Daughter: Dad!
Mother: Okay look at me...
Mother: Smile!
Daughter: Daddy! Daddy?
Daughter: Daddy...
Daughter: Dad!
Daughter: Daddy help!
Daughter: Daddy!
Radio Message: I'm here. It's beautiful.
Just like it was on your birthday.
Daughter: Daddy...
I'm so sorry I couldn't leave
with you and your mother.
But every day. every night
I have only thought about
getting back to you.
I did what I had to so you
and Mom could escape.
Nothing else matters now.
I know you'll make it one day.
And I'll never give up on you.
I will be here.
Waiting.
Always...